Add docs for pipectl event register --contexts on the event watcher usage page (#5299)
pipe-cd/pipecd: docs/content/en/docs-dev/user-guide/command-line-tool.md

    --data=gcr.io/pipecd/example:v0.1.0
```

> See more about [usage for Event Watcher](./event-watcher.md)

Reviewer: [nit]
```suggestion
See more on [usage of Event Watcher](./event-watcher.md).
```

Author: Fixed at [09c9cc2](https://github.com/pipe-cd/pipecd/pull/5299/commits/09c9cc20498fa6a542080cd8eb6aa12c81b71bd5)
